Update README.md (#32)
47deg/try.arrow-kt.io: README.md

[![Build Status](https://api.travis-ci.org/47deg/try.arrow-kt.io.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/47deg/try.arrow-kt.io)

This repository contains the scripts and necessary files to deploy [Try Arrow](https://try.arrow-kt.io:80) in an AWS EC2 instance.

Try Arrow uses the [kotlin-web-demo](https://github.com/JetBrains/kotlin-web-demo) project and modifies it to include the [Arrow](https://github.com/arrow-kt/arrow) library and to provide it the ability to be automatically deployed in an AWS EC2 instance using [Travis CI](https://travis-ci.org). 

## Project structure:

- The main scripts that do all the "hard work" are `setup.sh` and `deploy.sh`:

>   - The `setup.sh` script is intended to install in the instance all the necessary software (docker, docker-compose, gradle, ...) to deploy the projec. It will have to be run only once. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - The `setup.sh` script is intended to install in the instance all the necessary software (docker, docker-compose, gradle, ...) to deploy the project. It will have to be run only once. 
```

>   - The `deploy.sh` script will be run every time a new deployment is triggered and will take care of download the required version of Try Kotlin, modify it, compile the project, clean up the instance and, using docker-compose, build and start the containers. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - The `deploy.sh` script can be executed every time a new deployment is triggered and will take care of downloading the required version of Try Kotlin, modifying it, compile the project, clean up the instance and, using docker-compose, build and start the containers. 
```

- `arrow` directory contains the following files:
  - `arrow-dependencies`: Includes the Arrow library's dependencies that will be inserted in the `build.gradle` files of each Kotlin's compiler version.
  - `arrow-executors-policy`: Contains some Java Security Policies needed to run code from the Arrow docs and will be included in the `executors.policy.template` file. 

>   - `arrow-repositories`: The Arrow repositories to download the library from. This will be also inserte in all `build.gradle` files inside Kotlin's compiler versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `arrow-repositories`: The Arrow repositories where to download the libraries. This will be also inserted in all `build.gradle` files inside Kotlin's compiler versions.
```

  - `arrowKtVersion`: The Arrow version used during the deployment.
- `deploy` directory with the following files:
  - `.secret`: This is an encrypted certificate file that will be decrypted inside Travis CI, using the right key, and that will be used to connect via ssh with the AWS EC2 instance.

>   - `docker-compose`: Will build and start the three container (`frontend`, `backend` and `db`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `docker-compose`: Will build and start the three containers (`frontend`, `backend` and `db`).
```

>   - `web-demo-backend` and `web-demo-war`: The contain from this files will be added to the `backend` and `frontend` Dockerfiles to make to the Tomcat servers, that will be running in each of this containers, use our own war files compiled including the Arrow library.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `web-demo-backend` and `web-demo-war`: The content from this files will be added to the `backend` and `frontend` Docker files to make to the Tomcat servers, that will be running in each of these containers, using our own war files compiled including the Arrow library.  
```
